nothing seems real if examined carefully,
everything seems real if conveniently ignored?
2 unreal things(existing in name alone) give the self an impression that both are real because of
 the impact they seem to have on each other.

problem is that which alleviates suffering upon being resolved.
fix -if applied in Reality- resolves the problem.
in a certain way, fix is an inversion of the problem.

to know of THIS = THIS IS THAT in Reality.

in the given problems-environment,
    (do i know how to come to know of IT?)
    coming to know of :-

        that which the self is.
            that which the self is NOT.
                
        that which is at play for the self in Reality.
            that which is NOT at play for the self in Reality.
        
        that which is worth knowing.
            that which is NOT worth knowing.

        that which is worth doing.
            that which is NOT worth doing.

        that which is significant.
            that which is NOT significant.

        that which can change.
            that which can NOT change.

        that which the self does want to be done.
            that which the self does NOT want to be done.

        that which the self can do.
            that which the self can NOT do.
        
        that which the self can access.
            that which the self can NOT access.
            (how the self can change THIS.)

        that which the self does do.
            that which the self does NOT do.

        that which the self is doing.
            that which the self is NOT doing.

        that which the self did do.
            that which the self did NOT do.



    in order to resolve the problem.


the action of perception of ANY of the aforementioned,
    triggers several action functions depending on how the memory is and works.
    for example :   as soon as i feel like drinking it, i start seeking for a vessel that can hold water;
                    as soon as i see water flowing,
                    if it is accessible, then i access it and use it to collect water;
                    if it is not accessible, then i ask someone;
                                                    if nobody has water, then i use my hands as a vessel;

focusing on a certain thing.
seeking for a cetain thing.
perception of [IF this; THEN that.](here is the why!)
a sentence of 10 words = what words to use + how to rearrange the words.






















1 object(thing) can have many forms, depending on how i get to see it.
how it is + what it can do.


a property is the relationship a thing has with Reality.

    how the memory is to be changed,
    it needs to learn for itself depending on the problems-environment?

memory itself is FORM+NAME.
for memory i get to use object oriented programming.
how can memory be a form?(CAD models!!)
    a form is meaningless BUT it has certain meaning.
    how is this meaning being given in the memory?

how does focusing work?
    well-informed search seems like intelligence.
    the search <= what the self can do + what the self wants to be done.

    perception of usefull truths concerning a form.
            IF these truths are present in a generic case,
            THEN _that_ is the case. some action step taken.
        **_this_** runs depending on certain things.

for example :


it sees one pair of lines.
parallel lines.

then it itself has to know that all translation and rotational images will be parallel lines.