in the search of how to win;
nothing seems real if examined carefully,
everything seems real if conveniently ignored?
2 unreal things(existing in name alone) give the self an impression that both are real because of
 the impact they seem to have on each other.
how the memory is to be changed,
it needs to learn for itself depending on the problems-environment?
does it not need to know where to start?

problem is that which alleviates suffering upon being resolved.
fix -if applied in Reality- resolves the problem.
fix is an inversion of the problem.

to know of THIS = THIS IS THAT in Reality.

in the given problems-environment,
    (do i know how to come to know of IT?)

        that which the self is.
            that which the self is NOT.

        that which is at play for the self in Reality.
            that which is NOT at play for the self in Reality.

        that which is worth knowing.
            that which is NOT worth knowing.

        that which the self does want to be done.
            that which the self does NOT want to be done.

        that which the self can do.
            that which the self can NOT do.

        that which the self can access.
            that which the self can NOT access.
            (how the self can change THIS.)

        that which is worth doing.
            that which is NOT worth doing.

        that which is significant.
            that which is NOT significant.

        that which the self is doing.
            that which the self is NOT doing.

        that which the self did do.
            that which the self did NOT do.



    in order to resolve the problem.


the action of perception of ANY of the aforementioned,
    triggers several action functions depending on how the memory is and works.
    for example :   as soon as i feel like drinking it, i start seeking for a vessel that can hold water;
                    as soon as i see water flowing,
                    if it is accessible, then i access it and use it to collect water;
                    if it is not accessible, then i ask someone;
                                                    if nobody has water, then i use my hands as a vessel;

focusing on a certain thing.
seeking for a cetain thing.
(how does the self come to do the) perception of [IF this; THEN that.](here is the why!)
a sentence of 10 words = what words to use + how to rearrange the words.

wherever there is profit, therein lies insanity.
insanity is that which confuses 
    a belief in justice.
    pleasure.
    power.
insanity is dangerous.

class generic_thing_type {
    property_of_generic_thing_type 
}
a thing can be and not be in existence.
a thing can have very many properties.
a thing has properties with respect to other things.
properties can be created with created things.
a property has a YES/NO answer.
specific eyes are required to see these properties.















a property is the relationship a thing has with the underlying-problems-environment in Reality.

1 object(thing) can have many forms, depending on how i get to see it.

the way in which IT is changing(recorded in) the memory,
    is also a part of the memory.

memory itself is FORM+NAME.
for memory i get to use object oriented programming.
how can memory be a form?(CAD models!!)
    a form is meaningless BUT it has certain meaning.
    how is this meaning being given in the memory?

the minute nature of each problems-environment is very weird. making everything seem unreal.

how does focusing work?
    well-informed search seems like intelligence.
    the search <= what the self can do + what the self wants to be done.

    perception of usefull truths concerning a form.
            IF these truths are present in a generic case,
            THEN _that_ is the case. some action step taken.
        **_this_** runs depending on certain things.

for example :


it sees one pair of lines.
parallel lines.

then it itself has to know that all translation and rotational images will be parallel lines.